"ALERT"
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
What's happening?
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
Massive Spiritual Pressure
approaching from above!
W-What was that?!
Something's coming
through the Soul Shield Membrane!
It's covering up the Seireitei!
Damn it!
Jakuho...
Raikoben!
Hurry!
I am, but...!
What the hell are these things?!
What the hell...?
It's trying to bite me!
We must protect the lab!
- Kazeshini!
- Hozukimaru!
Fujikujaku!
These things are
anything but beautiful!
Senbonzakura.
Impossible!
How pathetic...
You're...!
Why waste time swatting them
with a sword
when you can crush them...
using your Spiritual Pressure?
I put my hands together and pray
Why is fate so cruel?
My will to put on a brave face
is about to break
Everything I do seems to go wrong,
you know?
Oh, calm down,
I still have faith in you
Even if we're apart
Even if you forget about me someday
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
We don't need words
to understand each other
We're connected on a higher level
I'm sorry, fate,
but you're full of it
So let's laugh it off
by putting on a brave face
With you, I think we can alter fate
On lonely nights
when I feel like crying
I will pray for you
so that I won't leave you all alone
It's been a while, Rukia Kuchiki.
Congratulations on your promotion
to lieutenant.
I'm glad you were rewarded
for your distinguished service.
Aizen...!
What are you doing here?
My sentence was lifted.
Impossible!
Under whose authority?!
Me.
Captain Kyoraku?!
I'm sure you're wondering why,
so I'll just say it.
It's because I decided
that we needed his help.
But...!
Captain Kyoraku,
you can't be serious!
You're okay with that?!
I can't go along with
using this guy's help!
Agreed.
Considering what he's done,
it's utterly unacceptable.
What a disgrace!
Is this about defending
your own honor?
Well, let me tell you something
about the Court Guards.
Honor won't help us
protect the world.
And if you ask me, I do not believe
using evil to defeat evil
is itself an evil act.
Seems the matter has been settled...
Now how about removing
the restraints from my hands
and letting me out of this chair?
No can do.
Good grief...
You expect me to get rid of
them while sitting down?
I'm pretty sure
you can pull it off.
You give me too much credit.
Right now I don't have
that kind of power.
I wasn't talking about whether
you have the power or not.
I just figured that
you're not the kind of guy
to just sit quietly and watch
while these eyeball monsters
try to gnaw at your body. That's all.
You truly are a piece of work.
Thanks.
Run for it!
Retreat back to the lab!
Hado Number 90...
Kurohitsugi.
Kyoraku. You do realize that
your act of freeing Aizen
is an insult to all of us.
Yeah, I know...
Go ahead and beat me up
all you want.
After we protect the Seireitei,
that is.
Unbelievable...
A Kurohitsugi without incantation
to cause this much destruction...
He may have become more powerful
than when he fought Kurosaki.
Are you saying he got stronger
even while he was
detained in Muken?
Damn monster!
What do you know...
It's still intact despite
being struck by my Kurohitsugi.
Not surprising given that
it's built the same way
as the cross in Muken.
It's quite a chair.
We must destroy the canopy.
That won't be necessary.
The gravity from Kurohitsugi
created a fissure in the canopy.
All I need is to strike it
with my Spiritual Pressure
and it will collapse.
Those things earlier were
a torrent of Yhwach's power.
They likely poured out while trying
to absorb the Soul King's power.
What makes you say that?
Can't you sense the change in
Yhwach's Spiritual Pressure?
It means even the Quincy King
will need time to fully contain
the Soul King's power.
Are you serious?
Urahara! Isn't there any way
to head to the Royal Palace?
There is. But we need-
That, too, will not be necessary.
If you have business
at the Royal Palace,
I will shoot it down for you.
Shoot down the Royal Palace?!
No way!
Is that even possible?!
It's useless.
Those restraints doesn't eliminate
your Spiritual Pressure.
It only keeps it near your body.
But its power to restrain it
is immensely strong.
You’re looking at the embodiment
of Soul Society technology.
Have some respect.
Isn't that right,
Captain Kurotsuchi?
Those restraints
were never designed
to eliminate Spiritual Pressure.
All of our efforts were spent on
restraining Spiritual Pressure
along with the body.
I control the extent.
Did you really believe your power
exceeded my technology?
How naïve of you, Sosuke Aizen.
I don't care if you can shoot
the Royal Palace down or not.
However, it would be humiliating
for me to see you do such a thing
while in my restraints.
In that case,
how about setting it to maximum?
Let's see which is superior;
your technology or my power-
Sorry, but I've thoroughly observed
your Spiritual Pressure.
I don't know if it's because of
that black suit of yours...
but your Spiritual Pressure
is full of holes.
As long as I can
measure its distribution...
I can poke the holes
and strip you naked!
Especially on someone
that can't move.
It's easier than ripping the legs
off a chicken!
No way, you're still conscious?
You really are a monster.
Bastards...!
No matter.
I neutralized
your Spiritual Pressure.
You won't be able to move
for a while.
We can't have you shoot down
the Royal Palace.
Just sit tight and watch.
Oh, great. What a perfect time
for the enemies to show up.
Urahara.
You guys get started on building
the gate to the Royal Palace.
We'll handle things out here.
Good luck.
We'll do our best as well.
I'm surprised you're still alive,
zombie girl.
I guess it takes a zombie
to control another zombie.
Say, Quincies!
We agree with you about not wanting
the Royal Palace shot down.
Perhaps you've come to help us?
Of course not.
We can't have the Royal Palace
shot down
while His Majesty is still there.
Right, of course.
Then I guess we have no choice
but to fight.
Do you think you can take us on?
I've already observed all of you,
so my-
B-Bazz-B...what...?
I'm confused.
We'll give you a hand.
The Wandenreich exists in
the shadows of the Seireitei.
Like you,
we can't have the Royal Palace fall
and destroy the Seireitei.
And that's why you're helping us?
You expect us to believe that?
I didn't ask you to believe us.
Nor did I say it was
without a price.
I'm saying we want
something in return.
A cease-fire.
We won't get in your way.
Or let the other
Stern Ritters either.
In return, take us with you
to the Royal Palace.
We're going to go kill Yhwach...
for abandoning us!
I see.
TORRENT OF THE SOUL KING'S POWER
The guy is just doing
whatever he wants...
Head Captain. We're ready to
send word throughout the Seireitei.
Thanks.
Attention all members of
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
All able personnel
please report immediately to
the site of the Department of R&D.
I repeat... Attention all members of
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
You okay?
Easy now...
Yes, sir...
You're in pretty bad shape yourself,
Tenth Seat Kurumadani.
This is nothing.
Now, c'mon!
I repeat...
"INCOMING MESSAGE"
Attention all members of
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
All able personnel
please report immediately to
the site of the Department of R&D.
Shino...
Yeah?
You can let go now...
And just leave you behind?
No way!
I can walk...
on my own.
Ow!
Keep up, okay?
Ah...
I need all of your help...
I need to borrow
your Spiritual Pressure!
Captain!
Where's Yachiru?
Our men are out
looking for her, but still no word...
Move.
The other officers
will find her faster
than if you went yourself,
Captain Zaraki.
Most importantly,
your power is absolutely necessary
to build the gate.
You should be focusing on
the task at hand.
Am I wrong, Captain Zaraki?
You're right.
Our guys can probably
find her faster.
Everyone...
Thank you all for gathering.
The enemy has ascended to
the Royal Palace...
and it appears that Yhwach
has stolen the Soul King's power.
That's right.
The Soul Society,
no, the whole world,
is on the brink of destruction.
At the moment,
we do not know the status of
Ichigo's group or Squad Zero.
That leaves us with one mission...
to stop Yhwach at all costs.
Do you understand?
Past grudges are irrelevant now.
This is our fight.
What is it that
you risk your lives for?
Only if we protect the world
will there be
a path for the Court Guards.
So let's protect this world...
in the name of
the 13 Court Guard Squads!
We're about to create a gate
that connects this place
with the Royal Palace.
In other words...
we will be storming
the Royal Palace.
Okay! Are you damn
Soul Reapers ready?!
Hiyori?!
What the hell are you doing here?
We're here cuz you forced us to run
your damn errands, remember?!
Stop asking dumb questions,
you damn baldy!
Huh? I ain't bald, so I don't know
what you're talkin' about!
Yeah, yeah, whatever!
I'll ignore the loud one
with the bowl cut!
Hear that, Soi Fon?
She's ignoring you.
This is not a bowl cut.
I'll kill you.
Here goes!
It doesn't feel wet...
This substance formed from
the distortion between
the Soul Society, the Precipice World,
and the World of the Living.
It is the source of energy
we'll need
to head into the Royal Palace.
It's done.
Good.
Love, Lisa, Hachi, Hiyori...
You'll find your Shihakusho
in the autopsy room.
Go get changed so you can join us.
Huh? Wha-!
- Got it.
- Hey!
I haven't agreed to anything yet!
Let go of me, Love!
Stop your whining.
Rose, Shinji, and Kensei are
putting their lives on the line.
We can't just leave like it's
none of our business.
Wow...!
You can move already?
To say I can "move"
would be a bit misleading.
Now's your chance to kill me.
You're kidding, right?
If it were that easy,
I'd have killed you ages ago.
Seriously...
You got struck by that attack
while having
your Spiritual Pressure suppressed...
and all it did was immobilize you
for five minutes or so.
I almost feel sorry for
that fallen Quincy over there.
That was the first time I've ever
been immobilized for five minutes.
There's no reason for you
to feel bad for him.
Good point...
Well, if you're not in
top shape yet,
then do me a favor
and stay put for a while...
until the gate's ready.
We can only use this method
while Kurosaki has torn a hole
in the membrane.
There might not be a way to return.
Seriously?
You're telling us this now?
I'm sorry.
Please don't get so worked up.
That's not it!
Your disrespect for assuming
we would cower
if you had told us the truth...
is what upsets me, Kisuke Urahara!
You were once a member of
the 13 Court Guards.
You should know better!
We all feel the same way about
fighting for the Court Guards.
Respect?
Fighting for the Court Guards?
I don't care about any of that
or if we can get back or not.
All I care about is
to go and crush those bastards.
So stop wasting our time.
Let's go already.
You're right.
Let's get going...together.
Soul Reapers and Quincies
joining forces...
So they can protect
the Soul Society together?
No...
It's because they happen to
share a common goal...
to catch up and destroy
the very enemy you're going after.
Ironic....
that the one who stopped me...
would enter the Royal Palace
before me.
You really are an insufferable man...
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Ishida...!
Kurosaki...
Inoue...
Thank goodness...
Inoue!
You okay, Inoue?!
Y-Yeah...
I'm just a bit hungry, that's all.
What?
Ichigo...
Orihime's been healing everyone
without any breaks.
She fixed my arm,
and your severe injuries, too.
I see...
Did Ishida really...
Yeah...
So he really did betray us?
Kon?
Kon was the real hero.
When you came falling,
Kon inflated his body
to act as a cushion and...
Kon...
Rest in peace.
Don't go killing me off!
Wait, you're still alive?
Damn right!
You should be grateful, Ichigo.
It's a good thing I hid inside
your clothes just in case.
I see.
So you were hiding, huh?
Stop!
Or I'll go muscle mode and beat-
- Thanks.
- What?
Wrong line!
You're supposed to beat me up
so I can gain sympathy
to boost my popularity!
Do it!
Come on, Ichigo!
Now then...
Ready to mount a counterattack?
We need to move quick.
It's been a while since
the Soul King's Spiritual Pressure
got consumed.
No telling when this area,
or the world itself,
will start falling apart.
Yeah, but...
First, we need to figure out
how to get back up there.
We can't get close
without being seen.
We'll be sitting ducks.
We won't need to worry about that.
Open it!
The way that space is opening up...
You're...
Hey. It's been a while, Kurosaki.
Grimmjow!
An ache upon
an unsatisfying grayscale
My confidence vanishes
I turned regret into lies
I ignored our chipped blades
I worked overtime
just for maintenance
But I knew all along
that this faded color
was an irreversible law
So I might as well pray
There's no turning back now
I thought I had made up my mind
but I'm still haunted by
doubt and anxiety
A bundle of emotions torn to shreds
with nothing left for me to gain
What's more important
than one's life
is to shoulder that burden
to sever this monochrome
I keep searching for the answer
to an unsolvable thesis
while making choices until I die
Then I remember where we came from
and the lives
that could never interact
No one is allowed to use the scale
since it falls apart in an instant
So, what can I measure
ourselves against?
Instead, I hold onto your words
that gave my heart meaning
It's always a paradox
The moon waxes
with each regret and sadness
The massive, unconquerable foe is
the darkness that dwells within me
I forsook my pride and joy
but I am still confounded
by this flock of imperfection
Beyond that white and resentful
midnight sun
awaits an illusion etched in black
It looks like it's over.
His Majesty has taken
every last bit of the Soul King.
The Soul King is gone now.
From here on...it is a new world.
"My claws..."
"will grind you up."